Added change-note about vulnerability (#4344)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021.22.145-css-vulnerability.md

---
date: 

> title: Fixed security vulnerability in WebSDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed security vulnerability in Web SDK
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-659915
version: 1021.22.145
---

> A CSS injection vulnerability has been identified and fixed in the WebSDK component. Custom applications and plugins built with affected versions of the WebSDK should be updated to version 1021.22.145 or higher to ensure they are protected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CSS injection vulnerability has been identified and fixed in the Web SDK component. Custom applications and plugins built with affected versions of the Web SDK smust be updated to version 1021.22.145 or higher to ensure they are protected.
```

> A CSS injection vulnerability has been identified and fixed in the Web SDK component. Custom applications and plugins built with affected versions of the Web SDK smust be updated to version 1021.22.145 or higher to ensure they are protected.

Reviewer 2: minor: a spelling mistake - smust to be replaced with must.
